{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 It is 8:05 p.m. in the basement of Morse Hall. During the day, the upper levels of Morse are flooded with students and teachers rushing to their math classes. In the evening, however, one basement room is transformed into a similarly lively hub of student energy. In small groups, students stomp down the stairs into their basement haven, flopping onto dusty blue couches and flipping open their laptops to begin the night\'92s work. Suddenly, they are no longer tired students worrying over a physics problem set. They are editors, working together to put together a news article, cover campus controversy, ask the harder, more complicated questions, and ultimately piece together a newspaper on a weekly deadline.\
\'a0\
Welcome to the newsroom.\
\'a0\
For 136 years, 
\i The Phillipian 
\i0 has served as a platform for student voices and an informant in campus discussion. Two years ago, the paper broke the story of John Palfrey\'92s selection as the latest Head of School. Last spring, we published a series of Letters to the Editor sparking a campus feminist movement that has gained national attention. Recently, we have run in-depth articles examining Andover\'92s declining acceptance rate, the extent of mobility between our Varsity and Junior Varsity sports teams, and the evolving conversation on diversity at Andover. We have extended beyond campus borders to partner with a journalism class at Lawrence High School in order to produce co-bylined stories that highlight the similarities and differences of both schools, so each community can gain a more nuanced understanding of the other. For its outstanding work in student journalism, 
\i The Phillipian
\i0 \'a0has won numerous awards.\
\'a0\
Arguably more important than its public role as a newspaper, however, 
\i The Phillipian
\i0 \'a0also serves as the largest, most dynamic, and most energetic student classroom on campus. Each week, the paper represents the work of over one hundred students who disperse across campus to find and write hard-hitting news and commentary, edit each others\'92 writing into publishable form, and pull together a 12 to 16 page newspaper. As students, we drive and own every step of the process, from thinking of story ideas to placing the final lines on the front page. We brainstorm and we discuss and we argue. We teach and we learn from each other.\
\'a0\
With the 2008 economic downturn, however, 
\i The Phillipian 
\i0 \'96 like many local and national news outlets \'96 fell upon hard times. Despite strong support from the students, alumni, and parents alike, we have barely broken even in the past several years. To secure 
\i The Phillipian\'92s 
\i0 future in perpetuity\'96 both in print and online \'96 we, the editorial board, now seek to fund a $500,000 endowment.\
\'a0\
Income from the endowment will, first and foremost, be used to enhance our online presence via the purchase of new hardware, software, and online services; provide technology and equipment renewal; and enable on- and off-campus learning, enrichment, and networking opportunities for all the boards to come. We will, of course, continue to be responsible for generating advertising revenue, managing the paper like a small business, and producing each weekly issue within an established budget.}